Trading Guild since 2015 |H1:guild:266193|hBlackbriar Barter Co|h has openings for active traders.  NO FEES/MINS, excellent CRAGLORN location.  Epic Guild house with all the things!  Click the link for details / to apply, or PST.

Hello!

Congrats, You've won 100,000G PLUS a 100,000G Shopping Spree in the Bleakrock store!

Your first 100,000G is attached.  Spend it in the store *this week* and let me know when you are done.  Then we'll send you another 100,000g!

Hey I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for all of your work on Master Merchant.  We wouldn't be a trading guild without it and you've only made an awesome tool even better!

The one issue I had (10 day history not integrating on a fresh install) was resolved by loading in 50-ish "E" presses at a time, with a several minute pause in between.  The new interface that tracks what's missing / when we're caught up is brilliant!  

One question for you:

In the original MM, I had data accuracy issues if I logged multiple accounts in on the same computer (at the same time).  I got around this by creating a local *Windows User* account for each ESO account.  (i.e. My gaming PC has a Windows User named Hiyde, BBCGuild, BBC1auctions, etc.)  I used the "run as" command to log into all of the accounts from my main Windows user.

In MM 3.x, do you know if this is still an issue?  For now, I only have MM running on @Hiyde characters and I have it disabled on @BBCGuild characters.


|cE2BD48A Gaming Guild since 2008; Trading in ESO Since Launch!|r

The Blackbriar Barter Co was formed in 2015 as a sister-guild to Bleakrock Barter Co.  We've recently decided to leave the Mournhold rat-race and hang in cities that aren't as expensive to bid in.  Our exact location will depend on weekly guild donations.  We do NOT have mandatory fees or minimums!

|cFFFF00We'd hope that each member can provide at least 10k to the guild each week between Sales Tax and Gold donations to the guild bank.  <3|r

Benefits:

- Fun, friendly environment

- EPIC, BEAUTIFUL Guild house with all set tables, target dummies, transmute and mundus!

- Weekly PvE and PvP events, minigames and more!
- Discord, Website

REQUIREMENTS:

We don't do "fees" or "minimums" but that doesn't mean we don't have expectations that each member will help cover the cost of our weekly bid. 

REMOVAL REVIEWS TRIGGERED BY:
- 7+ days no login w/out notice
- Being bottom 5%-ish of contributors if we need to make room for new members.
  (Sales, Purchases, Raffle tix, Gold Donations, Auction bids won/items donated are all counted and we publish 30 day rankings to our website)



- constant pain
- 100+ pills a week
- unable to sit in regular chairs or sleep in a bed
   (recliner, legs up)


job - not being described accurately
attend meetings
stand, give presentations
travel through region incl hotel stays
live events such as all day concerts 

physical therapy records

=IMPORTRANGE("1Wo2eRqs1qhtfWm5bgXQ5GbH_F8nN_mPPz2jM8oOUg6Q","Incoming BBC1!J3:J")


